Why is AWS more economical that traditional data centers for applications with variable compute workloads?

A. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) costs are billed on a monthly basis.

B. Customers retain full administrative access to their Amazon EC2 instances.

C. Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed.

D. Customers can permanently run enough instances to handle peak workloads.

---Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed.


What are the advantages of cloud computing over computing on-premises? (Select the best answer.)

A. Avoid large capital purchases

B. Use on-demand capacity

C. Go global in minutes

D. Increase speed and agility

E. On-demand capacity

F. All of the above

---All of the above


What is the pricing model that enables AWS customers to pay for resources on an as-needed basis? (Select the best answer.)

---Pay as you go

Which of these is not a cloud deployment model? (Select the best answer.)

---System administration as a service


True or False? AWS owns and maintains the network-connected hardware required for application services, while you provision and use what you need.

---True


Which of the following are not benefits of AWS Cloud computing.

A. Benefit from massive economies of scale

B. Pay for racking, stacking, and powering servers 

C. Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs

D. Increase speed and agility

E. Trade capital expenses for variable expenses 

---Pay for racking, stacking, and powering servers


Which of these is not a benefit of cloud computing over on-premises computing? (Select the best answer.)

A. Multiple procurement cycles

B. Temporary and disposable resources

C. Fault-tolerant databases

D. High availability

E. High latency

--- High latency
---Multiple procurement cycles


Which of the following is a compute service? (Select the best answer)

---Amazon EC2


True or False? Cloud computing provides a simple way to access servers, storage, databases, and a broad set of application services over the internet. You own the network-connected hardware required for these services and Amazon Web Services provisions what you need.

---False


Economies of scale result from ______. (Select the best answer)

---having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud


Which of these are ways to access AWS core services? (Choose three)

A. Technical support calls
B. AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
C. AWS Management Console
D. Software Development Kits (SDKs)
E. AWS Marketplace

--- Software Development Kits (SDKs)
---AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
---AWS Management Console


Which AWS service provides infrastructure security optimization recommendations?

A. AWS Price List Application Programming Interface (API)

B. Reserved Instances

C. AWS Trusted Advisor

D. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Spot Fleet

---AWS Trusted Advisor
