Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute workloads? (Select the best answer)
Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed.
If your project requires monthly reports that iterate through very large amounts of data, which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) purchasing option should you consider? (Select the best answer)
Scheduled Reserved Instances
What is included in an Amazon Machine Image (AMI)?

A. A template for the root volume for the instance

B. Launch permissions that control which aws accounts can use the ami to launch instances

C. A block device mapping that specifies the volumes to attach to the instance when its launched

D. All of the above

- A template for the root volume for the instance

- Launch permissions that control which aws accounts can use the ami to launch instances

- A block device mapping that specifies the volumes to attach to the instance when its launched

All of the above

Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) feature ensures your instances will not share a physical host with instances from any other AWS customer? (Select the best answer)
Dedicated Instances
Which of the following services is a serverless compute service in AWS? (Select the best answer)
AWS Lambda
What is the service provided by AWS that enables developers to easily deploy and manage applications in the cloud? (Select the best answer)
AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Your web application needs four instances to support steady traffic all of the time. On the last day of the month, the traffic triples. What is the most cost-effective way to handle this pattern? (Select the best answer)
Run four Reserved Instances constantly, then add eight On-Demand Instances on the last day of each month.
Containers contain an entire operating system. (True or False?)
False


Note:
Containers are a method of operating system virtualization that allow you to run an application and its dependencies in resource-isolated processes. Containers allow you to easily package an application's code, configurations, and dependencies into easy-to-use building blocks that deliver environmental consistency, operational efficiency, developer productivity, and version control. Running containers in the AWS Cloud allows you to build robust, scalable applications and services by leveraging the benefits of the AWS Cloud such as elasticity, availability, security, and economies of scale. You also only pay for as many resources as you use.

The Container solutions showcased include a combination of AWS services and APN Partner technologies, can be deployed quickly with solution accelerators like AWS Quick Starts, and feature optional consulting offerings to accelerate your cloud transformation.
Which Amazon EC2 option is best for long-term workloads with predictable usage patterns? (Select the best answer)
Reserved Instances
Which of the following must be specified when launching a new Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Windows instance? (Choose two)
- Amazon EC2 instance type

- Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
